---
layout: post
title: Advantages
date: 2018-01-20 19:00:00
tags: China
author: Ellie
---
<p>It replaces environmentally harmful energy sources, and is inexhaustible. It will never be subject to embargoes or "price shocks" caused by international conflicts, and unlike oil fields, wind energy is renewable, year after year, forever.</p>

<p> Wind energy is cheaper than any other new electric generation except natural gas.[which] emits one pound of greenhouse gases for every kilowatt-hour of electricity it generates. The success of this energy is in part due to the fact that its costs have gone "down by more than 80% since the early 1980s.</p>

<p>
1.The wind is free and with modern technology it can be captured efficiently.</p>
<p>
2. Once the wind turbine is built the energy it produces does not cause green house gases or other pollutants.</p>
<p>
3. Although wind turbines can be very tall each takes up only a small plot of land. This means that the land below can still be used. This is especially the case in agricultural areas as farming can still continue.</p>
<p>
4. Many people find wind farms an interesting feature of the landscape.</p>
<p>
5. Remote areas that are not connected to the electricity power grid can use wind turbines to produce their own supply. </p>
<p>
6. it provides skilled jobs for people in rural communities.</p>




<div id="container"></div>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://imsun.github.io/gitment/style/default.css">
<script src="https://imsun.github.io/gitment/dist/gitment.browser.js"></script>
<script>
var gitment = new Gitment({
  id: 'location.href', // 可选。默认为 location.href
  owner: 'zhuxilei',
  repo: 'Wind-Energy',
  oauth: {
    client_id: 'f5a678873245458f2885',
    client_secret: '81e01da3e32d21b7a2bb3ea97959c9af425f653e',
  },
})
gitment.render('container')
</script>

